README.md, before:

# Engineering_2.1
The second attempt at saving my engineering 2 work

## Intermediate_Arduino
Contains the following (8) files

### Hallo_Functions
The hello functions assignment

### LCD_Backpack
A piece of code which runs an lcd backpack and prints the time since code started running

### LCD_Backpack2
The code to run an lcd and have it print out the number of times a button was pressed

### LCD_Project
The same as lcd backpack except it prints hello world on the first line

### MotorControl
The code to run a motor and have it spin according to a potentiometer value

### Photo_Interrupter
The code to light up an LED if something passes in front of a photo interrupter

### Potentiometer1
The code to run a potentiometer

### libraries/LiquidCrystal_I2C
The libraries for any LCD assignment

## NotSoBasicCAD
The folder which encompasses the following (7) files

### Cstick..SLDPRT
The candlestick solidworks file

#### PartSave.SLDPRT
An early save of the Cstick file

### MinecraftPressurePlate.SLDPRT
A pressure plate solidworks file

### ShellBoi.SLDPRT
A shell which is going to be half of a thing

### ShellBoi2.SLDPRT
The shell that is the other half of the thing

### ShellBoiAssembly.SLDASM
The assembly which assembles the two shells

### Mjolnir.SLDPRT
A hammer solidworks file

Commit message:

Update the hello functions notes

README.md, after:

# Engineering_2.1
The second attempt at saving my engineering 2 work

## Intermediate_Arduino
Contains the following (8) files

### Hallo_Functions
In this assignment, I used an ultrasonic sensor that turned on an LED to a certain brightness based on the distance returned by the sensor.

### LCD_Backpack
A piece of code which runs an lcd backpack and prints the time since code started running

### LCD_Backpack2
The code to run an lcd and have it print out the number of times a button was pressed

### LCD_Project
The same as lcd backpack except it prints hello world on the first line

### MotorControl
The code to run a motor and have it spin according to a potentiometer value

### Photo_Interrupter
The code to light up an LED if something passes in front of a photo interrupter

### Potentiometer1
The code to run a potentiometer

### libraries/LiquidCrystal_I2C
The libraries for any LCD assignment

## NotSoBasicCAD
The folder which encompasses the following (7) files

### Cstick..SLDPRT
The candlestick solidworks file

#### PartSave.SLDPRT
An early save of the Cstick file

### MinecraftPressurePlate.SLDPRT
A pressure plate solidworks file

### ShellBoi.SLDPRT
A shell which is going to be half of a thing

### ShellBoi2.SLDPRT
The shell that is the other half of the thing

### ShellBoiAssembly.SLDASM
The assembly which assembles the two shells

### Mjolnir.SLDPRT
A hammer solidworks file
